Long before humans came to be, there existed a primordial spirit that sought only one thing ; to become everything . However, it's desire was only the stuff of imagination, for many a pure spirit retaliated against it and waged war for the sake of every other beings. Eons passed and the war never seemed to end. Ultimately, the pure spirits decided that in order to come out of the war as the victors they needed to do what has never been done before. Countless spirits assembled, taking up an immense space far beyond what the eye can see, and they merged into one single powerful entity. And thus, THE LIGHT SPIRIT was born. Now the idea of winning the war was not impossible. The light spirit clashed with it's dark counterpart in a battle that shook the universe. After a grueling fight that seemed to never end, the light spirit overpowered it's dark enemy and imprisoned it in a cosmic prison. SHIREEN as the light spirit named it, was no more...or so it seemed.The light spirit fore-saw that SHIRREN, being the embodiment of chaos and discord, would never be truly be stopped and that one day, he shall return and so it disassembled the key to SHIRREN's prison and scattered it in every corner of a then-insignificant planet called earth. Victory however didn't come cheap, for the light spirit RAAVA, as it would later be called, was weakened by the war and it's form couldn't hold itself together and thus, RAAVA's very essence dissipated into the universe, waiting for a worthy warrior to emerge and fuse with her to stop SHIREEN once again. As for the pieces of the key, humans soon realized that each piece granted it's bearer great power which is to be expected, for every piece held within it a fragment of RAAVA's power. And so, humans formed great kingdoms, with each one of their rulers carrying a piece of the key. Wars were waged and kingdoms had fell until there came a king who assembled all the pieces of the key and became earth's ruler. The key then, became an heirloom, passed to the king's descendants until it came in the hands of the Princees Angel.  The Princess recognized the key's power and used it to rule fairly. But SHIRREN, ever present and ever spiteful, sensed the key's power, and saw it's time that he broke from his prison. And so, using the last bit of his power, he corrupted a crimelord on earth and bound him to do his biddings. The crimelord named Bardack was granted powers that he used to wreak havoc on earth. One day, Forst was ordered by SHIREEN to kidnap the Princess and use the key to set him free, and so, Forst obeyed and did what he was ordered to do. Without the Princess to enforce law, chaos became everywhere with heinous crimes committed everyday. The ever growing chaos on earth only served to gain SHIREEN more power and concordantly, weaken RAAVA even more. The latter knew it was time to merge with a great warrior to fight SHIREEN in a battle that will decide the fate of the universe for countless years to come. And so she did merge with a Knight called BAWAN who has proven to be a legendary leader, fighting the evergrowing chaos. BAWAN, being a descendant of one the first humans to bear a piece of the key, inherited the ability to sence the key's power and he set out on a journey to rescue the Princess and restore harmony using his newly grated powers from his merger with RAAVA.


The Day is Come , The Plan Of SHIRREN Will be implemented , Angel The Princess was kidnapped and SHIREEN Declare the war and he will destroy the kingdoms including the City Pearce where our hero Bawan is Situtad . Bawan and His Friends knows SHIREEN has kidnapped angel and they are all ready to defend the earth this will be thier final battel , they must save angel or everything will be destroyed and the world will be ruled by SHIRREN , By The Evil Force ...





LEVEL 1 



Bawan says “guys, remember us killing, knock them out” 

Forst succeeded to kidnap the princess

Bawan knows Forst is the responsible. After facing the soldier and many opponents, BAWAN found the location of Forst. and now the duel between first and Bawan? the first thing Bawan asked: “where’s the princess! tell me! “ 

Forst “if you beat me, I’ll tell you, now let the battle begin” 

The battle between Bawan and Forst begin, Forst remember that he is a human after all and he's facing one of his old friend... after a while Bawan use his special attack thanks to RAVAA to beat him after a long hard battle. Bawan was exhausted ... he take a senzu to recover his energy again... (senzus can instantly restore a person energy znd his power or on the verge of death.) 

Bawan: “so where is the princess? “ 

First: “As I said you have my word, sorry Bawan, but really idk lmao, Shirrem told me to bring angel to the old castle I’m sorry am a bad man” 

Bawan “you have good heart Forst, join us again, your place is here with us “ 

Forst “Thank you Bawan but ii can’t “and suddenly Forst body disappears

Now Bawan know where angel, he’s on his way to the old castle

LEVEL 2 

Bawan in facing new enemies with new strategies, he’s in the throne hall where he finds his old friends Kappaso bus he’s not in his true form, as he’s possessed by Shirrem.

Kappaso “so, here you are”

Bawan “Shirrem leave Kappaso’s body” 

Kappaso “please Bawan, fight me, please let me free” 

The battle begins Bawan suffers, Kappaso is using the  evil power he's right hand is corrptued by this energy...Bowan uses RAVAA Power to free his friend.

Kappaso "Thank you old friend , you're a brave and kind man after all..."

Bowan" You're my friend , Kappaso, glad you're here so you can join the crew again and together we will takae out Shirren"

Tappaso " I saw angel earlier , i think they brought her the Shirren castle , please take care . It's dangerous to go alone ! Take this ... sword" 



LEVEL 3 

Finally our hero made it to SHIREEN's castle after fighting his minions and soldiers. After getting manipulated by SHIRREN , BAWAN made it he's now in the main hall ... SHIREEN Throne ... 

""I doubt I need an introduction, but just in case, I am the mighty SHIRREN and yes, all the horrible stories you’ve heard are true."

That was SHIREEN voice ... for the first time our legendary hero BAWAN some Signs of fear appeared on his face ... "This is it .. the last and final battale , for the earth , for angel..." bawan using RAAVA's Power but it seems that SHIREEN is so storng and he's invincible ... unfortunately Bawan is knocked out by SHIRREN But he kept him alive so he can see the world how will be ruled by his force , Bawan is now prisoner but ...



Level 4 

Bawan Find Angel but she's prisoner also , SHIRREN want to keep them alive so they can watch RAVAA disappear and eveythings good will dissapear...

Bawan and Angel Together they decided to take out SHIRREN with a good plan for the sake of the earth and for the humanity .

Thanks to RAAVA's Power Bawan And angel is free now ...

BAWAN "Angel u must stay here Please !"

Angel "But ... okay Bawan i trust u , take care please , u are our last hope ... Take These Senzu With "

BAWAN "Hoo hoo! Just what I needed! Thanks angel..."

this time Bawan and RAVAA last chance to save to earth and the entire humanity . 

the final battle , Bawan take a Senzu again ... SHIRREN " "Bawan , it pains me to see you going through this. What a waste. I favored you so much. Why couldn’t you just Join me and i ll give the Ultiamte Power"

BAWAN "Never ... " 

and the battale begins , SHIRREN is so powerfull , bawan knows if he will be beaten ... with great power comes great responsibility

Bawan use the energy of RAVAA but this time he's the ultimate attack , this attack will burn BAWAN Soul's 

(White Screen.......)

SHIRREN is Finaly Defated ... But our hero is injured ... Angel is crying the world is saved but Bawan is dying ... RAVAA Choose to Live in bawan's body and heal bawan soul so bawan can live ...

 Ending 

 

 After beating SHIREEN and saving the world Bawan and angel return to the main castle of the city Pearce where everybody is waiting for them ... after this long story , angel and bawan became King and Queen and The Peace is Back again ...

 

 After 10 years Bawan has a feeling that SHIRREN Is Back once again he felt his evil power again....
